add docs on how to access pg db (#3424)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/contributing-to-airbyte/accessing-jobs-db.md

# Accessing Jobs Database

> In extraordinary circumstance if a developer wants to access the database that tracks jobs, they can do following these instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In extraordinary circumstances, if a developer wants to access the database that tracks jobs, they can do so with the following instructions.
```
